docs(gen): review content 2025-01-06 (#4173)
scaleway/docs-content: bare-metal/elastic-metal/how-to/adjust-available-bandwidth.mdx

      The maximum available bandwidth for each Elastic Metal server is determined by the physical conditions of the network card installed, as specified in the offer description.
    </Message>
5. Click **Continue** to confirm your selected bandwidth. A summary of your order displays

> 6. Click **Update pubI lic bandwidth** to initiate the bandwidth upgrade process for your Elastic Metal server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Update public bandwidth** to initiate the bandwidth upgrade process for your Elastic Metal server.
```
